	To start, we found every piece of data that should be a primary key or have a unique 
  ID and separated them to get a better grasp on all the data. We wanted to keep all the 
  info for each tenant in the Tenant table, with the addition of the TenantPhone table 
  solving the problem of them having multiple phones. From this point we could determine 
  which TenantID is living in which ApartmentID and BuildingID. We did not use the 
  apartment number as the ID because some of the numbers repeated in different buildings.
	
	Within all the building information we had to separate the data into Building, 
  Administrator, AdminPhone, and Janitor tables. Since there is an Administrator and 
  Janitor for each building, we found it beneficial that they had their own tables. 
  Along with AdminPhone being a table full of phone numbers for Administrators if they 
  have multiple phones.

	We also created the ResidentAssitatant table which assigned each resident assistant an 
  ID named RAID, and together with ApartmentID and TenantID, shows who is a resident 
  assistant and where they live. This will help show which resident assistant is over 
  each apartment by attaching their ID to each one.

	To better understand who needs to pay rent each month, we created the rent table that 
  shows the TenantID, the date, how much they owe, and if they paid for the month or 
  not. We want the Date column to help us understand when each payment was due. 

	We decided as a group that to increase simplicity we would actually make more 
  tables with smaller increments of data. We really could have fit more information 
  within the Building table or Administrator table, but we found it more simple to 
  keep some information separate from other tables.

	One piece of data that would be useful would be the tenant’s birthday. It would 
  be very beneficial to know their birthday to understand if each tenant is over 
  the age of 18 or not. We could also send them friendly birthday cards on the month 
  of their birthdays each year. Another piece of data that is missing is the janitor’s 
  phone numbers. In case of emergencies it would be very handy to have their phone numbers 
  when incidents happen. Lastly, the administrators’ emails could help communication within 
  each building when they are not available to talk on the phone. It would be easier for 
  small tasks to send an email instead of calling every time.

	In conclusion, we organized the database to show the data that we had, but there are many 
  improvements that could be made to both the database and the data itself.
